hello very good we are all with the
record number one in barrow in the
West zone this is very easy since
is on one of the poles there
placed between the buildings and with this
we started our records the number
one let's start now from 1 to 10
the following file we will find it
to the north just to the right of the antenna
as you can see it is on a ledge in
a building on the right we also have
a park then to the park we will not have
that jump we jump to the cornice just
next to the sea and we will turn to the right
here we will just have one of those
wooden panels so easy to break
that our gel will not be able to resist
to demolish in this way then nothing here
you have the other one, we go with the next one
now we come back with the third file
we go a little to the left already in the
This is fairly easy antenna which
we will need the electrified gloves
and run a little
as simple as that
we approach our prize and our
a little more to the south more or less to the
side of bein's lair we will have
good so you can locate it worth
the poster the water tank
well we will have to jump down
you see there's another one we jump
we are against the wall
we press the glide again to continue
and ready
to the northeast we will find a kind of
bridge in semi under construction we have
have to climb it as you see to
locate the light bulb in the background and
it will have to jump this is so simple
how to destroy the console that
we will find next
and now in the church right after
do the secondary missions of
black mask will unlock us the
access as you can see there is very sad
we go to the bottom and there will be a
duct a ventilation duct of
these there are so many in gotham and tachan
the following data pack
we continue in the church but this time in
the rooftops this stage will have a
pushbutton with time 7 seconds
we will need to quickly use the
land and our
we are again near the den of
bein so you can locate this
justito justito next to where we have
got the first the top
according to the antenna
and here it is very simple we will have to
touch him
the last light
if it does not come out the first time it went back to
trying to turn on all the time is
simply that the last light activates it
jce
and it will be your
and a little more to the center in the center
from park row we will go up to a building
where will we find another wall of
wood of these so funny that they
love loves my gadgets about
all explosive angel and nothing is going to be
destroy and catch
and finally after finishing the
secondary missions of anarchy you
we will give a good beating and inside
of the court building
we will find here our hiding
last endow so that the last
record I hope you liked it
I hope it helps you
subscribe if you like a like too
that this also helps to continue with
the instructions or with the guide rather